Port MASTG-TEST-0060: Testing Memory for Sensitive Data (ios) (by @guardsquare) (#3031)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: demos/ios/MASVS-STORAGE/MASTG-DEMO-0021/MASTG-DEMO-0022.md

---
platform: android
title: Testing Memory for Sensitive Data
id: MASTG-DEMO-0022
code: [swift]
test: MASTG-TEST-0x60
---

### Sample

The following samples contain:

- The Swift code simulates retrieving a secret from a server, then stores the secret in memory.

{{ MastgTest.swift }}

### Steps

1. Install the target app on your device.

> 2. Exercise it to trigger storing some information into the memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the application to trigger storing some information into the memory
```

Reviewer 2: # ![export_image.jpg](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/26f441d9-7019-4abd-a6cc-9031cd0449ba)
